Interface: Used to define how an object should look like.
We just specify the varialbes and there types, but not initialize the value of those variables.
Use keyword 'Interface

Example:
interface Person {
    name: string,
    age: number,
    greet(salutation: string): void //This is the function with parameter as salutation and returns nothin
}

Interface can be called as a custom type for the object
Interface cannot have initializer
Used as a type to type check that the object is being created with all the desired attributes and functions with right type of values

Honestly we could have replaced the interface with a custom type. 
type is more flexible and inside it we can create other types like union etc.
But interface is specifically to define the type of objects.
When we deine an interface then it is super clear that we want to define an object as interface just holds structure of only object.
Also interface can specify the structure of a class. If a class is made of type interface, then the class needs to have the attributes and functions declared in that interface
Nutshell:  A class needs to implement the interface
SYNTAX: class CLASS-NAME implements INTERFACE_NAME1, INTERFACE_NAME2 etc

You can only inherit ffrom one class, but you can implement multiple interfaces.
The class can have more stuff but bare minimum is the stuff mwntioned in the interface.
An abstract class can have some only declared stuff and someimplemented stuff.
But interface does not have any implementation at all.

Why interface? When we need to make sure a class needs to have certain structure
We cannot use access modifiers in the interfaces. But the readonly property can be set to the attributes declared in the interface
We can implement inheritance in the interfaces as well.
Now may be some classes can just implement the parent interface while others might implement both, if they implement the child iNterface
In interface it is possible to extend more than one interface, ie to have more than just one parent, unlike in classes.\
Inteface can alsso be used to define the structure of the function.
IN an interface i we want to mark a property as optional we can add ? after the attribute name.
Interface do not exist in js. so no transaltion happens of interface into JS while compilation.